memory game from beeps
hall of sounds
hall of images


Since I was a teenager I've always had spells where I would do a lot of drawing
but I'd never stick with it long enough for it to become a thing I did in a way
that I'd share with people out in the world. I'm trying to break that cycle and
make pictures and share them.

Let's start with some really old stuff. This first one is from like... some time
between 2009 and 2012 I'm pretty sure. I love it because it tells a story.

This one I don't like as much but I don't quite hate it. I think it's from a
couple years after that first one, probably I ran across it in the basement and
wanted to do something like that again.

Now here's a bunch of sketchbook doodles and cartoons, some fun stuff in here.
This all ranges from around the time of those first pictures up until 2019.

At the end of 2019 I got into screen printing, and that was fun, but I also made
these four pictures with screen printing ink, acrylic paint and modge podge on
boards. These were so fun to make that I started to think about taking this all
a bit more seriously, put in some work and see if it would be rewarding.

That winter I got a set of oil paints and tried that out. These are the two oil
paintings I made. The one of my face turned out okay, the one of the chair in
the alley I got frustrated with and abandoned. That was it for me and oil painting
for a good long while! Life gets hectic, covid happens with the attendant total
brain meltdown, and I just drifted away from picture making again.

So now we get to the new times. Last September or so I considered the facts:
- I love the feeling of making pictures
- When I make one I like it I get to look at it and it keeps making me happy for years
- When I get frustrated with it I tend to drift into other interests and stay away for
  long stretches
With that in mind I decided this time I'm sticking with it, and I'm going to put in a
little work toward getting better with it. That is to say I intend to barrel through
the frustration and see what's on the other side. So here are some recent drawings I
like.

Then I got the oil paints back out! The first thing I did was paint that egg drawing.

